== prettysyntax - A javascript-based code syntax highlighter

prettysyntax is a tool to make code on web pages/blogs look, well, prettier.

== Installation

Add the prettysytax.css and prettysyntax.js files to your web server.

Include the prettysyntax CSS file towards the top of your web page. e.g.

  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/stylesheets/prettysyntax.css"></style>

Include the prettysyntax javascript file towards the footer of your web
page. e.g.

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/prettysyntax.js"></script>

== Usage

Put any code on your web page that you want syntax highlighted inside an HTML
PRE block, give that block a *name* attribute of _code_ and a *class* attribute
of one of the supported prettysyntax languages:

* java
* javascript
* ruby
* rails (ruby + some rails-specific extensions)
* css

For example:

  <pre name="code" class="rails">
  module Facebook
  class FBMLController &lt; ActionController::Base
    session :off

    around_filter do |controller, block|
      if controller.fbsession.is_valid?
        Facebook.with_fbsession(controller.fbsession) do
          block.call
        end
      else
        logger.debug 'No valid facebook session'
        block.call
      end
    end

    def fbparams
      @fbparams ||= {};

      if (@fbparams.length &lt;= 0)
        @fbparams = fbsession.get_fb_sig_params(params)
      end

      return @fbparams
    end
  end
  </pre>

<b>SPECIAL NOTE</b>: You will have to escape HTML entities before inserting
code inside a PRE block, at least if you are using Blogger (other blog
software may be more helpful; wordpress has some nice plugins that automatically
escape entities). Editors like Scream[http://www.screem.org/] on Linux
(Edit > Block Operations > Encode Entities) can do the grunt work for you.

== Other Syntax Highlighters

SyntaxHighlighter[http://alexgorbatchev.com/wiki/SyntaxHighlighter] is probably
the most commonly used code highlighter on the web. A variant of this is used
by googlecode[http://code.google.com/].

== License

prettysyntax is licensed under the terms of the the Apache 2.0 license. See
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 for details.
